update badges to src-d/engine (#128)
src-d/engine: docs/architecture.md

and managed by `sourced`.

## Components of source{d}

> **source{d} CE** relies in different components to handle different use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**source{d} CE** relies on different components to handle different use cases
```

and to cover different functionalities. Each component is implemented as a running
Docker container.

- `bblfsh`: parses source code into UASTs using [Babelfish](https://docs.sourced.tech/babelfish/);
you can learn more about it in our [Babelfish UAST guide](usage/bblfsh.md)
- `gitbase`: runs [gitbase](https://docs.sourced.tech/gitbase), a SQL database
interface to Git repositories.

> - `gitcollector`: is responsible of fetching repositories from the organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gitcollector`: is responsible for fetching repositories from the organizations
```

used to initialize **source{d} CE**. It uses [gitcollector](https://github.com/src-d/gitcollector).

> - `ghsync`: is responsible of fetching repository metadata from the organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ghsync`: is responsible for fetching repository metadata from the organizations
```

used to initialize **source{d} CE**. It uses [ghsync](https://github.com/src-d/ghsync)

> - `metadatadb`: runs the PostgreSQL database where it is stored the repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `metadatadb`: runs the PostgreSQL database that stores the repositories
```

metadata (users, pull requests, issues...) extracted by `ghsync`.

> - `postgres`: runs the PostgreSQL database where it is stored the state of the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `postgres`: runs the PostgreSQL database that stores the state of the UI
```
